ack-eliciting/retrans of PATHS_BLOCKED, PATH_ID_BLOCKED, MAX_PATHS (#486)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

a smaller Maximum Path Identifier value than was previously received.
MAX_PATH_ID frames that do not increase the path limit MUST be ignored.

> MAX_PATH_ID frames are ack-elicting and SHOULD be retransmitted when lost.

Author: ```suggestion
MAX_PATH_ID frames are ack-eliciting and SHOULD be retransmitted when lost
and no more recent MAX_PATH_ID frame has been sent in the mean time.
```

a smaller Maximum Path Identifier value than was previously received.
MAX_PATH_ID frames that do not increase the path limit MUST be ignored.

MAX_PATH_ID frames are ack-eliciting and SHOULD be retransmitted when lost

> and no more recent MAX_PATH_ID frame has been sent in the mean time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and no more recent MAX_PATH_ID frame has been sent in the meantime.
```
